---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-07T18:27:52.364Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-07T18:19:51.323Z'
title: What We Do
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-07-what-we-do.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: what-we-do/index.html
_type: Article

---
# What We Do

We combine our extensive conservative political fundraising experience, state-of-the-art design, and development expertise to provide you with a unique combination of custom-built products.

We become part of your team. We focus on accomplishing three goals: engage supporters, grow the donor base, and raise funds so that you can focus on non-digital methods of raising awareness about your campaign.

Whether designing a robust integrated website, rolling out a time-sensitive landing page, or implementing a comprehensive social media plan, we will work with your organization to convey a uniform message across all your media outlets.

Our team has devised and implemented some of the largest advertising and fundraising efforts ever seen in politics. No program is too large or too small for ActiveEngagement.

### Fundraising

At ActiveEngagement, fundraising is what we do. It isn't a single line on a Chinese menu of services; it's the ultimate focus of everything we offer to clients.

### Analytics

All good campaigns are driven by data. Using excellent publicly available tools like Google Analytics and our own proprietary**Trackr**platform we assemble the data necessary to measure and optimize your fundraising.

### Email House File

A well maintained email file can prove to be invaluable for both fundraising and activism. We have experience managing email files ranging from 20,000 to 2,000,000 names. Are you managing your file correctly? Do words like testing, segmenting, converting, and targeting scare you? We can help make sense of it all!

### List Building

An organization's or a campaign's email house file can be worth a fortune in supporter engagement, donations, and list rental income. But building a quality list can be confusing and frustrating. ActiveEngagement has launched massive list building efforts for some of the biggest names on the right side of the aisle. We know how to maximize your return on investment while minimizing your financial exposure.